Add docs on skip_validating_missing_parameters in ml-commons connector (#8118)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints.md

| `name`                                           | String | Yes         | The name of the connector.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `description`                                    | String | Yes         | A description of the connector.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `version`                                        | Integer | Yes         | The version of the connector.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `version`                                        | Integer | Yes         | The connector version.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | `protocol`                                       | String | Yes         | The protocol for the connection. For AWS services such as Amazon SageMaker and Amazon Bedrock, use `aws_sigv4`. For all other services, use `http`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `protocol`                                       | String | Yes         | The protocol for the connection. For AWS services, such as Amazon SageMaker and Amazon Bedrock, use `aws_sigv4`. For all other services, use `http`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | `parameters`                                     | JSON object | Yes         | The default connector parameters, including `endpoint`, `model` and `skip_validating_missing_parameters`. Any parameters indicated in this field can be overridden by parameters specified in a predict request.                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `parameters`                                     | JSON object | Yes         | The default connector parameters, including `endpoint`, `model`, and `skip_validating_missing_parameters`. Any parameters indicated in this field can be overridden by parameters specified in a predict request.                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

> | `credential`                                     | JSON object | Yes         | Defines any credential variables required to connect to your chosen endpoint. ML Commons uses **AES/GCM/NoPadding** symmetric encryption to encrypt your credentials. When the connection to the cluster first starts, OpenSearch creates a random 32-byte encryption key that persists in OpenSearch's system index. Therefore, you do not need to manually set the encryption key. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `credential`                                     | JSON object | Yes         | Defines any credential variables required for connecting to your chosen endpoint. ML Commons uses **AES/GCM/NoPadding** symmetric encryption to encrypt your credentials. When the cluster connection is initiated, OpenSearch creates a random 32-byte encryption key that persists in OpenSearch's system index. Therefore, you do not need to manually set the encryption key. |
```

> | `actions`                                        | JSON array  | Yes         | Defines what actions can run within the connector. If you're an administrator creating a connection, add the [blueprint]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints/) for your desired connection.                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: Either "Defines which actions" or "Defines the actions that can". Is "creating a connection" necessary here?

> | `actions`                                        | JSON array  | Yes         | Defines what actions can run within the connector. If you're an administrator creating a connection, add the [blueprint]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints/) for your desired connection.                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `actions`                                        | JSON array  | Yes         | Defines the actions that can run within the connector. If you're an administrator creating a connection, add the [blueprint]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints/) for your desired connection.                                                                                                                                                      |
```

| `add_all_backend_roles`                          | Boolean  | Yes         | When set to `true`, adds all `backend_roles` to the access list, which only a user with admin permissions can adjust. When set to `false`, non-admins can add `backend_roles`.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `client_config`                                  | JSON object | No          | The client configuration object, which provides settings that control the behavior of the client connections used by the connector. These settings allow you to manage connection limits and timeouts, ensuring efficient and reliable communication.                                                                                                                                |

> | `parameters.skip_validating_missing_parameters`  | Boolean | No          | When set to true, this option allows to send a request using a connector without validating any missing parameters. Default is `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `parameters.skip_validating_missing_parameters`  | Boolean | No          | When set to `true`, this option allows you to send a request using a connector without validating any missing parameters. Default is `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

|:---|:---|:---|
| `action_type` | String | Required. Sets the ML Commons API operation to use upon connection. As of OpenSearch 2.9, only `predict` is supported. |
| `method`  | String | Required. Defines the HTTP method for the API call. Supports `POST` and `GET`. |

> | `url` | String      | Required. Sets the connection endpoint at which the action occurs. This must match the regex expression for the connection used when [adding trusted endpoints]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/index#adding-trusted-endpoints)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `url` | String      | Required. Specifies the connection endpoint at which the action occurs. This must match the regex expression for the connection used when [adding trusted endpoints]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/index#adding-trusted-endpoints).|
```

| `post_process_function` | String   | Optional. A built-in or custom Painless script used to post-process the model output data. OpenSearch provides the following built-in post-process functions that you can call directly:<br> - `connector.pre_process.cohere.embedding` for [Cohere text embedding models](https://docs.cohere.com/reference/embed)<br> - `connector.pre_process.openai.embedding` for [OpenAI text embedding models](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/embeddings) <br> - `connector.post_process.default.embedding`, which you can use to post-process documents in the model response so that they are in the format that neural search expects (OpenSearch 2.11 or later). For more information, see [Built-in functions](#built-in-pre--and-post-processing-functions). |

> | `headers` | JSON object | Sets the headers used in the request or response body. Default is `ContentType: application/json`. If your third-party ML tool requires access control, define the required `credential` parameters in the `headers` parameter. |

Reviewer: "Sets" => "Defines" or "Specifies"? Define ML on first appearance if necessary.

Reviewer 2: Already defined :)

> | `headers` | JSON object | Sets the headers used in the request or response body. Default is `ContentType: application/json`. If your third-party ML tool requires access control, define the required `credential` parameters in the `headers` parameter. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `headers` | JSON object | Specifies the headers used in the request or response body. Default is `ContentType: application/json`. If your third-party ML tool requires access control, define the required `credential` parameters in the `headers` parameter. |
```
